alright Michelle sorry if I'm
pronouncing that wrong but this is
christian from denmark we've been
communicating a bit about this cosmos to
case that's acting up a bit you know the
story already but the fan controller was
making some electrical noise so you sent
me another one that has the same issues
and you send me some fans which removed
the noise almost completely but then the
controller was acting up not indicating
that the fence was present then you sent
me a new controller which has the same
issues so as you can see the fans appear
not to be present but only the front fan
it's actually showing up but I cannot
control the speed not even on the front
fan so and yeah the fans are spinning
erratically throttling up and down
sometimes not spinning as hard as you
can see it's trying to get going but
yeah no that's cool so
I think yeah one of the ones down here
aren't going either so the two under the
cooler is running fine but those are
controlled by the pump itself so yeah
and I know if you can see but the hot
dry fans hooked up to the hard drive
connect us and them same story Leia
please excuse my poor cable management
but I did not want to put hours into it
if I just had to tear it down again so
yeah button everything is hooked up top
fans going to the top connectors know if
you can see that but just barely lolis
connector is up and running front fan
hooked up to the front connect us down
here so yeah everything is up and
running but still having issues so don't
really know what the problem is anyway
just wanted to make this short video so
yeah I don't know what's going on but
any suggestions are more than welcome